well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about that
conversation that the president had
and then i'm going to
kind of voice a personal complaint that
i've had about
most recent presidents something that
has really bothered me
um and this is truly a bipartisan issue
okay so if you don't know about the
conversation the president is out there
and he's
engaged in this discussion and he's
being told
about climate change and the record
temperatures and how it's important to
save vegetation and all of this stuff
and the president of the united states
replies by saying
it'll start getting cooler just you
watch
and the official said i wish the science
agreed with you
to which the president of the united
states replied
i don't think science knows actually
yeah that happened
okay let's get through all the jokes yes
winter is coming
yeah the last time the president made a
weather prediction about something going
away when the weather changed 200
000 americans ceased to be he
understands what's going on
he's just trying to make sure we don't
panic
yeah and all of that's fine
but this underscores something that has
bothered me about a lot of recent
presidents
you guys joke you know beau 2024 and all
that
if i was president every day on that
schedule that goes out to the press
there would be a two-hour block
that just says discretionary briefing
and that briefing would be about
whatever piqued my curiosity the night
before
because as president of the united
states you have access
to the best and brightest the most
brilliant
minds on the planet will come
explain anything to you at the drop of a
hat
so for two hours a day i would be
sitting cross-legged on the briefing
room floor
looking up at whatever brilliant person
they brought in
to answer my question what is that face
looking thing on mars
some guy from nasa would show up
and explain it to me and explain
everything
that i could possibly want to know
you know is the megalodon really extinct
what about those teeth they found
some woman would climb out of her
submarine and show up and explain it to
me
and it doesn't have to be somebody from
one of the dozen scientific agencies
within the executive that have rooms
upon rooms of experts and brilliant
scientists sitting around doing science
stuff all day
it could be from the private area too
call up an ivy league college hey you
know
were the amazon women were they really
the scythians
some professor would show up and explain
it and if i mispronounced that word
it's because i've only ever read it
because i've never heard anybody say it
because i don't have a panel of experts
on tap
it's embarrassing on a lot of levels
that our leaders don't have any
curiosity
don't want to know more
because we've we've gotten into this
habit
of looking down our nose in education we
need to stop it's literally going to
kill us
at the end of the day this conversation
it matches the rest of the president's
scientific prowess goes along with
the disinfectants and everything else
that he's ever said
it's willful ignorance because he has
tens of thousands of experts on tap
and at the end of the day here we are
talking about one of the world's
most pressing issues
and the president of the united states
doesn't know the difference between
climate and weather that's what happened
there that's what this conversation is
he doesn't know the difference between
weather short-term changes in the
atmosphere
and climate long-term patterns in a
region
he doesn't know that he walked away from
this conversation thinking he's going to
look like a genius
because he knows what month it is he
understands that it's going to get
cooler
he's this ignorant to the subject matter
about one of the world's most pressing
issues
any president that is not remarkably
better educated
by the end of their first term doesn't
deserve
a second one they have no thirst for
knowledge
no curiosity
then you have to wonder when they
stopped learning when they gave up
learning how many new ideas they just
refuse to hear
because they think they already know it
all
it's an embarrassment to the united
states to have a man like this sitting
in the oval office
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day